These are the blocks (for now):

Animate through (number) To (number) Speed (number)
  What this block does is use a "() mod ()" block to switch between a set number of
  frames. (but you need to make them yourself)

Collision check (string)
  This block makes It easier and shorter to read a collision.
  The collision output is given on the variable "Colliding?".
  The input is for the sprite name, without It the block would not work.

line (X1) (X2) (Y1) (Y2) (Color (HEX)) (size)
  This block is very useful for rendering 2d or 3d objects easily.
  Though you might get overwhelmed with all the inputs.

New common query (any)
  This is LITERALLY MADE for efficiency.
  It gives the variable "query" whatever value you want if you need to use it various
  times.

Play sound (string) for (number) seconds
  This is pretty useful if you don't know how to use the sound editor.
  The first input needs the EXACT name of the sound you're trying to use.

Prompt (any) and save to mem
  This helps for things like questionaires and maybe AIs.

range (number) (number)
  This returns a random value between a range.
  1st input is the middle point, and 2nd, is the range.
  for example, range (0) (2) would give a random number between -2 and 2.

sin wave (number) (number) (number)
  This is pretty efficient and useful.
  It creates any type of sin waves based of a timer.
  1st input is middle point, 2nd input is speed and 3rd is the range.

smooth say (any)
  This is just cosmetic. It's like the text on AIs when It shows up
  character by character.

Topdown easy controls
  It isn't very efficient, but it is pretty abstract.
  It just gives multi-platform topdown controls.

TypeOf (any)
  This detects the type of value of the input. But array-like stuff Will be
  detected as strings.

Read through let (number) To let (number) Of (any)
  This is pretty useful for reading values, and even I used It in part of
  the framework config.
  1st input is starting letter, 2nd is ending one, and 3rd is the text to read.

Hitbox (x) (y) With properties (width) (height) Check collision with (string) Depuration? (boolean)
  This is very complex.
  To keep it simple, It creates a fake hitbox and checks collisions on It.

Dist (X1) (y1) (x2) (y2)
  This block uses the pythagorean theorem to calculate distances between 2 points.
  It's useful for distance between clones or pen renders.
